
			---------------------------" Exception Handling "----------------------------

The errors in software development is called "Bugs"
and process of removing them is called Debugging.

Errors  in a python program 
1. compile-time errors: syntactical errors found in the code due to program
which a program fails to complete

2. Run time errors: when PVM does not execute byte code it flags runtime error.
Runtime errors are not detected by PVM

3.Logical errors: it occurs when programmer using wrong design or formula ,
it detects by programmer only.


1. Arthemetic error
2. Assertion error
3.Syntax error
4.Type error
5.EOF error
6.Runtime error
7.Import Error
8.Name error


Exception : handling of errors called exception and make program robust means strong.Robust program doesnot
terminate in middle and display appropriate message where error occured

Exception handling: the program in which performing try,except,finally tasks

try:
     statements (observe where there may  possibility exception ,write in try block.Even error in statement
     doesnot terminate by PVM allows to except block

 except: exception name
       statement (write exception name which helps to user to understand where error is in statement )

 finally:
        statements( in this block closing actions terminate the process whether it is running



Try and Except Statement – Catching Exceptions
Try and except statements are used to catch and handle exceptions in Python.
Statements that can raise exceptions are kept inside the try clause and the statements
that handle the exception are written inside except clause.


Try with Else Clause
In python, you can also use the else clause on the try-except block which must be present after all the except clauses. 
The code enters the else block only if the try clause does not raise an exception.


Finally Keyword in Python:
Python provides a keyword finally, which is always executed after the try and except blocks.
The final block always executes after normal termination of try block or
after try block terminates due to some exception.


Program Execution Flow:


Exception didn't happen :  1. Statements before try block
                           2. Statements in try block(ALL)
                           3. Statements after except block
                           
Exception occured       :  1. Statements before try block
                           2. Statements in try block,till the line of exception occurance
                           3. Statements in except block
                           4. Statements after except block

