How interpreter works in python.

Python basically is interpreted and the interpreter actually has the structure of classic compiler.
When you invoke the "python" command, your raw source code is scanned for tokens. These tokens are 
parsed into a tree representing the logical structure of the program, which is finally transformed 
into byte code.


Features of Python:

1) Easy to Learn and Use

Python is easy to learn as compared to other programming languages. Its syntax is 
straightforward and much the same as the English language. There is no use of the 
semicolon or curly-bracket, the indentation defines the code block. It is the 
recommended programming language for beginners.

2) Expressive Language

Python can perform complex tasks using a few lines of code. A simple example, 
the hello world program you simply type print("Hello World"). It will take only 
one line to execute, while Java or C takes multiple lines.

3) Interpreted Language

Python is an interpreted language; it means the Python program is executed one 
line at a time. The advantage of being interpreted language, it makes debugging easy and portable.

4) Object-Oriented Language

Python supports object-oriented language and concepts of classes and objects come 
into existence. It supports inheritance, polymorphism, and encapsulation, etc. The 
object-oriented procedure helps to programmer to write reusable code and develop applications in less code.






CPython:-
	CPython is the standard implementation of python written in C program.


IronPython:-
	Ironpython is implementation of python targetting .NET framework and MONO.


Jython:-
	Jython is implementation of python designed to run on Java platform.




Dynamically typed programming language :

A language is dynamically typed if the type is associated with run-time values , and not named 
variables/fields/etc. This means that you as a programmer can write a little quicker because 
you do not have to specify types every time.


Procedure Oriented programming:

It is defined as a programming language derived from the structure programming and based on calling procedures. 
The procedures are the functions, routines, or subroutines that consist of the computational steps required 
to be carried. It follows a step-by-step approach in order to break down a task into a set of variables and 
routines via a sequence of instructions.

Object Oriented programming:

Object-oriented programming is a computer programming design philosophy or methodology that organizes/ models 
software design around data or objects rather than functions and logic. It includes two words, "object" and 
"oriented". In a dictionary object is an article or entity that exists in the real world. The meaning of 
oriented is interested in a particular kind of thing or entity. In layman's terms, it is a programming 
pattern that rounds around an object or entity.
















